just because you do calisthenics doesn't
mean you Skip Leg Day the problem is
this is too easy for most people and
this is too difficult instead of jumping
right into a pistol squat start with a
long split squat just so you can get a
full Bend in the knee and you can work
that muscle if that's still too
difficult you can do it on a chair to
make it a whole lot easier the next step
is to start using your leg as a
counterbalance and you can actually
slide it on the ground in front of you
and use it as support and if your heel
lifts up when you try and do it you can
practice that independently by keeping
your heel on the ground and pushing your
knee past your toes put it all together
and you have yourself a pistol squat and
wow that's a dragon squat teach you how
to do that next though stay flexy